Apply "Initial refactoring of incremental materialization" (#148)
databricks/dbt-databricks: CHANGELOG.md

## dbt-databricks 1.3.0 (Release TBD)

### Under the hood
- Apply "Initial refactoring of incremental materialization" ([#148](https://github.com/databricks/dbt-databricks/pull/148))

>     - Now it uses `adapter.get_incremental_strategy_macro` instead of dbt-spark's `dbt_spark_get_incremental_sql` macro to dispatch the incremental strategy macro. The overwritten `dbt_spark_get_incremental_sql` macro will not work anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Now dbt-databricks uses `adapter.get_incremental_strategy_macro` instead of `dbt_spark_get_incremental_sql` macro to dispatch the incremental strategy macro. The overwritten `dbt_spark_get_incremental_sql` macro will not work anymore.
```
